feat(cli): add click plugin support (#1604)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-python: docs/plugins.rst

Plugin Support
==============

Runtime Plugins
---------------

Runtime plugins are supported using the `pluggy <https://pluggy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_ library.

> Runtime plugins can be created as python packages that contain the respective entrypoint definition in their `setup.py` file, like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Runtime plugins can be created as Python packages that contain the respective entry point definition in their `setup.py` file, like so:
```

.. automodule:: renku.core.plugins.run
   :members:

CLI Plugins
-----------

Command-line interface plugins are supported using the `click-plugins <https://github.com/click-contrib/click-plugins>` library.

> As in case the runtime plugins, command-line plugins can be created as python packages that contain the respective entrypoint definition in their `setup.py` file, like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As in case the runtime plugins, command-line plugins can be created as Python packages that contain the respective entry point definition in their `setup.py` file, like so:
```
